updated new component checklist (#189)
hashicorp/design-system: packages/components/NEW-COMPONENT-CHECKLIST.md

- [ ] create new component
  - `ember generate component hds/COMPONENT-NAME/index --gc` (the component won't need to be invoked with index, it's just to put all the files in the correct place)
  - tip: if you forget to generate the backing class (via `--gc`), you can add it with `ember generate component-class hds/COMPONENT-NAME/index`.
  - if it's a child component, then `hds/COMPONENT_NAME/CHILD_NAME` instead of `index`
  - tip: if you need to destroy a component and start over again, `ember destroy component hds/COMPONENT-NAME/index` will remove the component and the related files as appropriate.
- [ ] **component template**
  - use semantic HTML
  - the component should have a css class that is the same as the component (e.g. `hds/button` should have a class name of `hds-button` on the component, and additional CSS classes should start with this same class name.
  - add `...attributes` unless doing so would be detrimental (e.g., a parent element and child element in the same component that both have ...attributes)
- [ ] **component class**
  - use getters (vs template conditionals or constructors, if possible)

>   - we have chosen to compile the CSS classes in the backing class, UNLESS that component only has one CSS class name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - we have chosen to define the value of the `class` attribute (containing the different CSS class names) for the "root" of the element's code in the backing class, UNLESS that component only has one CSS class name.
```
